README.md, before:

<h3>THIS TEMPLATE IS ONLY TO BE USED ON THE JANUARY HACKATHON PROJECT</h3>
<h4>Please do not use it for the course project work</h4

<br>
<h1 align="center">
    <strong>💲💲💲 Budget Busters: New Year, New Numbers 💲💲💲</strong>
</h1>

random change

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/djdefbnij/image/upload/v1705314715/Hackathons/Screenshot_2024-01-15_at_10.27.38_rc7lor.png" alt="BudgetBustersBanner" width="1200"/>


# SUBMISSION
## Deployment
#### _(please note, your team must also include the deployed links in the usual submission in Hackapp)_
The project is deployed and can be accessed at [http://your-deployed-link.com](http://your-deployed-link.com).

## Criteria
In this section, we will briefly discuss how our team addressed the applicable criteria:

- 💲 The project has a creative design that enhances user-experience
- 💲 The project is finance related and has a real world use case
- 💲 The project is Responsive and accessible on different screen sizes
- 💲 The project is well-planned using GitHub Projects or other issue board
- 💲 The project has a well documented README based on the provided template.

# ABOUT SUBMISSION
## Intro
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of our project

## Goal
The goal section provides a concise summary of the main objective or purpose of the project or software described in this README. It addresses the following aspects:

- ➡️ Problem Statement
- ➡️ Objective(s)
- ➡️ Target Audience
- ➡️ Benefits

## Tech
In the tech section, we provide information about the technology stack, dependencies, and any technical details related to the project.

## Credits
In the credits section, we provide information about the sources used

Commit message:

Add technology used to readme file.

README.md, after:

<h3>THIS TEMPLATE IS ONLY TO BE USED ON THE JANUARY HACKATHON PROJECT</h3>
<h4>Please do not use it for the course project work</h4

<br>
<h1 align="center">
    <strong>💲💲💲 Budget Busters: New Year, New Numbers 💲💲💲</strong>
</h1>

random change

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/djdefbnij/image/upload/v1705314715/Hackathons/Screenshot_2024-01-15_at_10.27.38_rc7lor.png" alt="BudgetBustersBanner" width="1200"/>


# SUBMISSION
## Deployment
#### _(please note, your team must also include the deployed links in the usual submission in Hackapp)_
The project is deployed and can be accessed at [http://your-deployed-link.com](http://your-deployed-link.com).

## Criteria
In this section, we will briefly discuss how our team addressed the applicable criteria:

- 💲 The project has a creative design that enhances user-experience
- 💲 The project is finance related and has a real world use case
- 💲 The project is Responsive and accessible on different screen sizes
- 💲 The project is well-planned using GitHub Projects or other issue board
- 💲 The project has a well documented README based on the provided template.

# ABOUT SUBMISSION
## Intro
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of our project

## Goal
The goal section provides a concise summary of the main objective or purpose of the project or software described in this README. It addresses the following aspects:

- ➡️ Problem Statement
- ➡️ Objective(s)
- ➡️ Target Audience
- ➡️ Benefits

## Tech
### Wireframes & Schemas
1. Miro - used to plan a brief app logic flow.
2. QuickDBD - used to illustrate the database schema
3. Draw.io - used to construct the wireframes of all pages.

### Languages
1. Python - used to code throughout the app.
2. Jinja - used for templating.

### Frameworks
1. Bootstrap - Used for styling the application.
2. Django

### Datastore
1. Cloudinary - used for image storage.
2. PostgreSQL - used for the production database.

### Hosting
1. ElephantSQL - hosts the production database.
2. Heroku - hosts the application.


## Credits
In the credits section, we provide information about the sources used
